Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full o:f hope. - Maya Angelou
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk in my garden forever. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
I have found the one whom my soul loves. - Song of Solomon 3:4
Love is not about possession. It's all about appreciation. - Khalil Gibran
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
Love is a friendship set to music. - Joseph Campbell
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. - Victor Hugo
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. - David Viscott
Love is not finding someone to live with, it's finding someone you can't live without. - Rafael Ortiz
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Franklin P. Jones
The heart wants what it wants. There's no logic to these things. You meet someone and you fall in love and that's that. - Woody Allen
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride. - Pablo Neruda
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it. - Nicholas Sparks
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. - Robert Frost
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine. - Maya Angelou
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more. - Nicholas Sparks
I love you, not only for what you are but for what I am when I am with you. - Roy Croft
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. - Peter Ustinov
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do. - David Wilkerson
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. - H. L. Mencken
I love you, not only for what you are but for what I am when I am with you. - Roy Croft
Love is the greatest refreshment in life. - Pablo Picasso
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same. - Helen Keller
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more. - Nicholas Sparks
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul. - Pablo Neruda
Love is the bridge between two hearts. - Unknown
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Love is a game that two can play and both win. - Eva Gabor
Love is the magician that pulls a man out of his own hat. - Ben Hecht
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
Love is the flower you've got to let grow. - John Lennon
Love is a friendship set to music. - E. Joseph Cossman
We loved with a love that was more than love. - Edgar Allan Poe
You are my heart, my life, my one and only thought. - Arthur Conan Doyle
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. - Mignon McLaughlin
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you've been together. It's all about how much you love each other every day. - Unknown
You are my today and all of my tomorrows. - Leo Christopher
If I know what love is, it is because of you. - Hermann Hesse
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. - Nicholas Sparks
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
A true love story never ends. - Unknown
Love is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had. - Nicholas Sparks
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. - Loretta Young
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that's everything. - T. Tolis
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine. - Maya Angelou
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do. - David Wilkerson
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. - John Lennon
I love you more than yesterday, less than tomorrow. - Edmond Rostand
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. - Voltaire
Love is a smoke and is made with the fume of sighs. - William Shakespeare
Love isn't about finding the perfect person, it's about seeing an imperfect person perfectly. - Sam Keen
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning, a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. - Bruce Lee
Love is a choice you make every day. - Gary Chapman
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Love is a fabric that never fades, no matter how often it is washed in the water of adversity and grief. - Unknown
The art of love is largely the art of persistence. - Albert Ellis
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart, and the senses. - Lao Tzu
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time; effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end. - Madame de Staël
Love is a language spoken by everyone but understood only by the heart. - Unknown
Love is not something you find. Love is something that finds you. - Loretta Young
Love is like a river, always changing, but always finding you again somewhere down the road. - Unknown
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight. - Helen Keller
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven. - Karen Sunde
Love is a promise; love is a souvenir. Once given, it is never forgotten; never let it disappear. - John Lennon
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it. - Nicholas Sparks
Love is a friendship set to music. - E. Joseph Cossman
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
The best proof of love is trust. - Joyce Brothers
Love is a treasure that can never be bought or sold, but only shared. - Unknown
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell. - Joan Crawford
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the gods. - Plato
Love is a game that two can play and both win. - Eva Gabor
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. - Robert Frost
To love is to burn, to be on fire. - Jane Austen
Love is the enchanted dawn of every heart. - Lamartine
Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. - Robert Heinlein
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. - Peter Ustinov
Love is a smoke and is made with the fume of sighs. - William Shakespeare
Love is not a sprint. It's a marathon, a relentless pursuit that only ends when we die. - Rob Bell
Love is a friendship set to music. - Joseph Campbell
Love is an endless act of forgiveness. A tender look that becomes a habit. - Peter Ustinov
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been together. It's all about how much you love each other every day. - Unknown
You are my today and all of my tomorrows. - Leo Christopher
If I know what love is, it is because of you. - Hermann Hesse
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul, that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. - Nicholas Sparks
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
A true love story never ends. - Unknown
Love is not just looking at each other; it's looking in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had. - Nicholas Sparks
